feat: add sharing instructions and policy refresh (#1784)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: sharing/metadata/index.md

### Just answer these questions about your data
{: .text-left}

##### Summarize your Data
{: .text-left}

- What is this dataset?
- What is its purpose?

##### Describe your Data
{: .text-left}

- What does this dataset represent?
  - ex: Road centerlines represent physical roads
- How was it created?
  - ex: Digitized, GPS, etc.
- How reliable and accurate is it?
  - ex: Survey-grade, mapping-grade, crayon-grade, etc.
- What is its general update schedule?
  - ex: Monthly, yearly, as needed, etc.
- Are there any warnings or limitations on the data?
  - ex: Don’t use parcels as a legal boundary depiction
  - ex: Don’t use parcels as a complete dataset for geocoding
  - ex: Don’t use zip codes for demographic generalization
- Are there any common misconceptions or assumptions about these data that should be further explained?
  - ex: Highway milepost markers are not an accurate length measurement. If a highway is lengthened or shortened, the markers are not adjusted.

##### Establish Contact Info
{: .text-left}

- Who created this dataset?

> - What is the best point of contact?

Author: Again, leaving this to a later review (I didn't look over the pre-existing metadata stuff as much as the other stuff, it just got split into two places).

  - If someone had further questions or would like to get involved, who should they contact?

You can plug your answers to these questions straight into the basic metadata elements. It's that simple - answer a few questions, transfer your responses, and voilà, you officially have informative, standardized metadata.

> _Note: If you contribute data to Utah's State Geographic Information Database (SGID), we encourage you to use our [metadata form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeJSV935GTN3djtErkBdeXkumuZvd10z2805It1-eFn0Mlo9w/viewform?usp=sf_link). It's a great way to update your metadata and make it more discoverable. The form covers all the questions above and—best of all—after you submit your responses, your portion of the process is done! UGRC, in collaboration with the DTS editor, will handle the remaining details._

Reviewer: Maybe readers won't know or care what "DTS" means?
```suggestion
_Note: If you contribute data to Utah's State Geographic Information Database (SGID), we encourage you to use our [metadata form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeJSV935GTN3djtErkBdeXkumuZvd10z2805It1-eFn0Mlo9w/viewform?usp=sf_link). It's a great way to update your metadata and make it more discoverable. The form covers all the questions above and—best of all—after you submit your responses, your portion of the process is done! UGRC, in collaboration with a professional editor colleague, will handle the remaining details._
```
